# CS-250-Module-8
Journal for CS-250 Module 8.
//Understanding user needs is the foundation of effective software development, without users then the apps, programs, or anything else developers create serve no purpose. It's important to interpret user needs by first translating broad client goals into specific requirements through continuous communication and feedback. In this project for example, identifying that users desired an intuitive booking program resulted in new functions like destination filtering and real time price updates. Instead of assuming what the users wanted based on our own wants the team relied on interactive feedback during each sprint, refining the product accordingly.
//I believe the best approach to program development is guided by adaptability, constant improvement, and strong team collaboration, principles that are strong in the Agile method. Start by defining a clear goal and then breaking it down into smaller, achievable goals and planning sprints around those goals. Utilizing the inspect and adapt cycle is a great way to ensure that the team continues building in alignment with user expectations and manages evolving requirements. Other than utilizing sprints and planning, there are other agile principles that we utilized to help deliver a high quality product. Daily standups are a great way to keep the team aligned and check the progress in the sprint and look for any obstacles that need to be addressed. With each sprint comes a sprint review, aiding the team in our desire for continuous improvement, going over the good and the bad of the last sprint. 
//Effective team members are the building blocks of a strong agile team. It's more than just completing the assigned tasks, it's also important to engage in collaborations with other members of the team, holding each other accountable, and taking constructive criticism to improve ourselves. No single individual can ensure total project success alone, a good team consists of members that openly communicates with each other while also supporting others when challenges arise. Ultimately, effective collaboration transforms a group of developers into a unified agile team.
